Which memories do I write
Cormorants Uu
Party size 2
Yup
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh the crust the crust the crust the crust
Your face gonna've been waiting Oh A Car
There are various things
What originally gonna good to have become late it had been hope in the here of convenience
Here I In No Yes administrator like a Riesen toys from
Examine product was grave
My household budget has always been in control
But it was no street how fine you can see but
Well is good I'm sorry gone barking in Te mind elaborate yo is also a dangerous place for me
The dead people
It ruins Mashi Anna Regards Newakari
I will do my best
Hmm
Well
Roughly wonder if such a place
Of course it was helpful for me, and of course there were a lot of things that I and my neighbor could not understand alone
Flights Allowed you do there's something impressions
Beast that appears in the vicinity of the ruins felt so as not to bear your worry too much
If you live in this area, it is likely to shake if you sell
If I Anone Eee not heard such a thing
Moso ne It was immortal hamster is cute as seen on the way in
Let's be used after all buy Taikamo Mika
It seems that there is n't much to eat but what to eat
Well and it was coen you please release the little eyes from eating and to fight
Well actually let's do it this time
Thank you
It was quite To different and there are more people over
Let's get rid of that private house
Please leave it to me.
I'm telling you to turn it into a city
Totally
Oh yeah, we usually rent a room for Phil Tsuru well
If you can, I would like to ask for work again, and if it is good , please come and join me
Ah
understood
This map
Thank you for today
Well then
dare
I can create it now
par
tan
dee
Yeah yeah yeah
ko was
me
Beginning ah ah
Yeah yeah yeah
Shrimp rar
What Mr. has been teaching
me
n ame
ana